Add details to cds ql and improve db migration guide (#1630)
cap-js/docs: guides/databases-sqlite.md

### Miscellaneous {.node}

- Only `$now` and `$user` are supported as values for `@cds.on.insert/update`.
- Managed fields are automatically filled with `INSERT.entries()`, but not when using `INSERT.columns().values()` or `INSERT.columns().rows()`.

> - If the column of a `SELECT` is a path expression without alias, the field name in the result is the concatenated name using underscores. For example, `SELECT.from(Books).columns('author.name')` results in `author_name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the column of a `SELECT` is a path expression without an alias, the field name in the result is the concatenated name using underscores. For example, `SELECT.from(Books).columns('author.name')` results in `author_name`.
```

> - If the column of a `SELECT` is a path expression without alias, the field name in the result is prefixed according to the path expression. For example, `SELECT.from(Books).columns('author.name')` results in `author_name`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the column of a `SELECT` is a path expression without alias, the field name in the result is the concatenated name using underscores. For example, `SELECT.from(Books).columns('author.name')` results in `author_name`.
```
